Lord, I'm going to be ready when he call my name, call my name, call my name.
Lord, I'm going to be ready when he call my name.
Lord, I don't want to be too late.
One day too late. One day too late. One day too late. One day too late.
One day, three days.
One day, two days.
In the valley.
Just a man.
One day, two days.
All the two.
Preacher, just a preacher name.
Solid name.
All the preacher, just a preacher name.
Call his name, Lord, he's been free.
One day it's too late, Lord, I'm ready.
One day, two days, in the purple night a day.
Two days, oh, I'm going to be ready when he's called my name.
Call my name, call my name, Lord, I'm going to be ready when he's called my name.
Call my name, Lord, I don't want to be a day to rain.